PR for BXMSDOC-8447: Update RHDM RN 7.12 for IBM Power Support for OpenShift 4.10 (#134)
kaldesai/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/release-notes/rn-whats-new-con.adoc

endif::PAM[]

ifdef::DM[]

=== IBM Power support in {OPENSHIFT} 4.10

> In {PRODUCT} {ENTERPRISE_VERSION}, IBM Power supports {OPENSHIFT} 4.10. For a complete list of supported configurations, see https://access.redhat.com/articles/3354301[Red Hat Decision Manager 7 Supported Configurations].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with {PRODUCT} {ENTERPRISE_VERSION}, IBM Power supports {OPENSHIFT} 4.10. For a complete list of supported configurations, see https://access.redhat.com/articles/3354301[Red Hat Decision Manager 7 Supported Configurations].
```

Reviewer: Check my suggestion with QE.
